Instruct Chongchon River
to kill Lim Soo-ho right away!
That damn wench.
Shredding her body to pieces
wouldn't be enough.
How dare she fool me all this time
and seduce my husband!
I'm sure
he had no idea.
How could he have known
he was a Northern spy?
Even I was completely fooled!
Whether he knew or not,
he violated the National Security Law.
No, that's wrong. That's just wrong!
The one who lied is to blame.
Not the one who was fooled.
That fortuneteller…
He must be a charlatan!
He said I should
have her stay by my husband's side
like a talisman!
For him to live a long, healthy life
and make his dreams come true!
Why are you blaming the fortuneteller?
He's a really good fortuneteller.
You know what? I knew something was off
when he told Ms. Hong
exactly 13 people would die.
I mean, he's still unconscious in bed.
How is he going to become the President?
He must be a charlatan.
A charlatan!
The number you have called
is not in service.
-Please check the number and try again.
-Not in service?
Wait a second. Isn't it 041-387-1234?
You must've dialed the wrong number.
Give it.
My goodness.
The number you have called
is not in service.
-Please check the number…
-What?
This is weird. It can't be.
What's going on?
Ms. Kim!
Yes, ma'am?
Call Hong Kong.
Ask them for Linda's number
in New York. Now.
Yes, ma'am.
Do it here! Right now!
Hold on.
What's with Hong Kong and New York?
What? Why did they hang up like that?
I even signed the certificate
for the fund. What is wrong?
Well, they said
Linda Young's never been to Seoul.
They even yelled at me.
What do you mean, she's never been here?
She even gave me this 5-carat diamond.
As a token of their appreciation
since I became a VVIP
at ABK Partners! But what?
Oh, my God.
Five carats?
Let me see.
We can easily tell if it's real
by watching the condensation evaporate.
The condensation on a diamond
evaporates quickly.
It's fake.
It's just a cubic zirconia.
My goodness.
Sir!
Sir…
What…
What the hell is this? This can't be!
Where the hell did he go?
Where did he go?
Hong Ae-ra wants to meet me.